P1: State the main point: West et al. 2019 “I’d blush if I could” Ch. 6, subchapter “Tolerance of Sexual Harassment and Verbal Abuse”
Gendered voice assistants can have a sociological/psychological impact on the end-users, e.g., normalizing (by a lack of prevention) the sexual harassment and verbal abuse of women
P1: Explain why the point stood out to me:
I had not considered the psychological and sociological implications of interacting with gendered voice agents, and that the virtualization of a human-like entity that gives reasonably realistic albeit tailored responses to requests could heavily skew social norms and what is deemed acceptable treatment of people.
P1: Respond to the point with a technical answer, i.e., what could be a technical solution that needs to be innovated and what would be a first design step to take:

P1: what could be an overall regulatory policy solution? What type of legal or company-best practice-type solution needs to be proposed? Include reasoning for choosing one over the other and the goal of the solution:

P2: State the main point: Siau & Wang 2020 “Ethics of AI and Ethical AI” Section 3.1.3, CA Senate Bill 1047 

Who is accountable when an AI agent fails? The developer, the data owner, or the end user?
P2: Explain why the point stood out to me:
This is a topic I had considered and it is clear that the answer depends on a variety of factors, including societal/cultural standards as well as current laws. The CA bill recently 
P2: Respond to the point with a technical answer, i.e., what could be a technical solution that needs to be innovated and what would be a first design step to take:

P2: what could be an overall regulatory policy solution? What type of legal or company-best practice-type solution needs to be proposed? Include reasoning for choosing one over the other and the goal of the solution:

P3: State the main point: Cave et al., 2018 “Motivations and Risks of Machine Ethics” Section IV.A
The potential failure and corruptibility of ethical AI systems may lead to major consequences.
P3: Explain why the point stood out to me:
